_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Moto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](http://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

changes: 	- remove `news`, `blog` and so on 	- add relevant info 	- prepare first version of site

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: ML & Database researcher and developer

profile:
  align: right
  image: me2.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  address: >
    <p>@zinchse</p>
    <p>Russia, Novosibirsk</p>

news: true  # includes a list of news items
latest_posts: true  # includes a list of the newest posts
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true  # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---


Hello! 👋

I'm master student majoring in Computer Science. Developing intelligent optimization systems is what I do in `Huawei` :) 

I am currently specializing in database acceleration. Using machine learning and discrete optimization techniques, I'm improving existing solutions and developing new ones. 

In free time I listen to rap 🎧 and make bad jokes 🤦‍♂️ 

(and leetcode, ofc ... 💻)


<!-- Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically. -->
